realtime: Broadcast Changes documentation (#31222)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/realtime/migrate-from-postgres-changes.mdx

---
title: 'Migrate to Broadcast Changes'

> subtitle: 'How can you migrate from Postgres Changes to Broadcast Changes'
> description: 'How can you migrate from Postgres Changes to Broadcast Changes'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: 'How to migrate from Postgres Changes to Broadcast Changes'
description: 'How to migrate from Postgres Changes to Broadcast Changes'
```

sidebar_label: 'Migrate to Broadcast Changes'
---

> As mentioned in our documents, Postgres Changes has some [limitations](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/realtime/postgres-changes#limitations) regarding scalability that users need to be aware but as users scale up we want to provide a similar feature that would allow users to keep scaling.
> 
> For that effect we can use Broadcast Changes as the route to achieve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postgres Changes has some [limitations](/docs/guides/realtime/postgres-changes#limitations) as your application scales. To continue broadcasting database changes to users as you scale, you can use Broadcast Changes.
```

## Example application using Postgres Changes

Here we have a simple chess application that has a game id and we want to track whenever we have new moves happening for a given game id.

We store this information in a `public.moves` table and every time a new move is added to a given `game_id` we want to receive the changes in our connected Realtime client

<Image
  alt="Schema used for our example"
  src={{
    light: 'docs/public/img/guides/realtime/realtime-broadcast-changes-migration-schema-example-light.png',

>     dark: 'docs/public/img/guides/realtime/realtime-broadcast-changes-migration-schema-example-light.png',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    dark: 'docs/public/img/guides/realtime/realtime-broadcast-changes-migration-schema-example-dark.png',
```

  }}
/>

In our client we will have our implementation to receive insert events with the usual code:

```javascript
const gameId = '4a8bbe89-f601-4414-bd47-8d0f7ab2a31a'
const changes = supabase
  .channel('chess-moves')
  .on(
    'postgres_changes',
    {
      event: 'INSERT',
      schema: 'public',
      table: 'moves',
      filter: `game_id=eq.${gameId}`,
    },
    (payload) => console.log(payload)
  )
  .subscribe()
  ...
```

## Migrate to broadcast changes

> To use Broadcast Changes we advice to check first the details about its implementation and how the feature works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Broadcast Changes, first familiarize yourself with the [Broadcast Changes implementation](/docs/guides/realtime/broadcast#trigger-broadcast-messages-from-your-database).
```

> ### Setup authorization
> 
> The first step is to setup RLS policies to setup [Realtime Authorization](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/realtime/authorization?queryGroups=language&language=dart) as Broadcast Changes requires you to use private topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up authorization

Broadcast Changes is private by default, using [Realtime Authorization](/docs/guides/realtime/authorization) to control access. First, set up RLS policies to control user access to relevant messages:
```

```sql
CREATE POLICY "authenticated can listen to game moves"
ON "realtime"."messages"
FOR SELECT
TO authenticated
USING (
  EXISTS (
    SELECT 1
    FROM game_users
    WHERE (SELECT auth.uid()) = user_id
      AND (select realtime.topic()) = 'games:' || game_id::text
      AND realtime.messages.extension = 'broadcast'
  )
);
```

> ### Setup trigger function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setvup trigger function
```

> We need to define our trigger function to adapt to our use case and use the provided function `realtime.broadcast_operation`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to define our trigger function to adapt to our use case and use the provided function `realtime.broadcast_changes`
```
